Now, find a pattern in a different format. Select the next number in the sequence:
Fill in the blank: 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, _____
55
33*
25
10

Quiz 2
1. Analytical thinking involves identifying and defining a problem, then solving it by using data in an organized, step-by-step manner.
2. Graphs, maps, and charts are used in data visualization.
3. Gap analysis is used to examine and evaluate how a process currently works with the goal of getting to where you want to be in the future.
4. Correlation involves being able to identify a relationship between two or more pieces of data. A correlation is like a relationship.

Practice Quiz 
1. Fill in the blank: Curiosity, understanding context, and having a technical mindset are all examples of _____ used in data-driven decision-making.
business strategies
thought processes
analytical skills *
data models

2. Surveying customers about their preferences and using that information to inform business strategy is an example of data-driven decision-making.
True *
False

3. In data analysis, which analytical skill involves the management of people, processes, and tools?
Data control
Data strategy *
Data analytics
Data design

---

Weekly Challenge
Curiosity is the analytical skill of using your instinct to solve problems. 
= False

Identifying the motivation behind data collection and gathering additional information about are examples of which analytical skill? 
= Understanding context

Breaking things down into smaller steps or pieces and working with them in an orderly and logical way describes which analytical skill?
= A technical mindset 

Data design is how you organize information; data strategy is the management of the people, processes, and tools used in data analysis. 
= True

The manager at a music shop notices that more trombones are repaired on the days when Alex and Jasmine work 
the same shift. After some investigation, the manager discovers that Alex is excellent at fixing slides, and 
Jasmine is great at shaping mouthpieces. Working together, Alex and Jasmine repair trombones faster. 
The manager is happy to have discovered this relationship and decides to always schedule Alex and 
Jasmine for the same shifts. In this scenario, the manager used which quality of analytical thinking? 
= Correlation

In order to get at the root cause of a problem, a data analyst would ask
= the five whys 

In data analysis, one often examines and evaluates how a process currently works in order 
to get it to where they want it to be in the future. This is known as what?
= Gap analysis

Data analysts following data-driven decision-making use the analytical skills of curiosity, having a technical mindset, 
and data design. What other two analytical skills would they employ? Select all that apply.

= understanding context
  data strategy


== Weekly Challenge 3 ==
In the plan stage of the data life cycle, what decisions would a data analyst make? Select all that apply. 
Who will be responsible for the data, What kind of data is needed, & How the data will be managed

The destroy stage of the data life cycle might involve which actions? Select all that apply.
Shredding paper files, Using data-erasure software

Question 3
A data analyst uses a spreadsheet function to aggregate data. Then, they add a pivot table to show totals from least to greatest. 
This would happen during which phase of the data life cycle?
Analyze

The data life cycle deals with the stages that data goes through during its useful life; data analysis involves following a process to analyze data.
True

A business analyst recently completed a project that their company has decided to use to solve a larger business problem. 
What step is this in the data analysis process?
Act

A set of instructions used to perform a specified calculation is known as what? A formula

Question 7
Fill in the blank: To request, retrieve, and update information in a database, data analysts use a  Query

Why is SQL the most popular structured query language? Select all that apply.
SQL works with a wide variety of databases 
SQL is easy to understand
